Data Parser Task
===============================

### Implementation

This test has been developed using no framework. Autoload generated by composer enabled all the classes that have been created to be loaded and used by means of namespaces. 

The codebase adhered to using interfaces and abstract classes from within the Common directory. 

Within the CSVModel.php file, the getter and setter magic methods have been put in place for not only creating the properties of that class, but to provide validation on what is being set when it comes to displaying the correct data. 

A generic CSV reader service had been built to extract the raw data values from the un-formatted CSV, which was returned within the CSVService class specific to possibly manipulating data values from the response, allowing the generic API Service to be used for other purposes for when it comes to reading CSVs.  

Unit tests have been carried out within the codebase using both reflection and mocking approaches.

### How to test

1. Install Composer locally by running `composer install` from the root of the project from the terminal. 
2. Run `php src/Script/index.php` from the root of the project, and you will be presented with a question asking the directory of the un-formatted files, please enter `/parser_test` for this example (Validation has been put in place for any incorrect directories).
3. The script will then execute to generate all un-formatted files within all directories, and those files will be generated on the root of the project with the same filenames as the un-formatted ones.
4. An error_tag.log file will also be created on the root of this project if there are any incorrect tags that are not specific to those that have been stated.  
5. Unit tests have been implemented using PHP Unit, to execute please cd to the root directory and run the following command `./vendor/bin/phpunit tests`.

*If no classes seem to load please try and run `composer dump-autoload`.  